9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, [music]
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China show. I'm Yvon Man.
>> And I'm April Hong [music] in Singapore.
We're counting down to the open of
markets in the greater China region. Our
top stories, chip makers in [music]
focus as the AI fueled rally continues
to gather steam. SKH Highix and Micron
both hitting $1 trillion [music] in
market cap. Qualcomm striking a deal
with Tik Tok owner Bite Dance.
Persistent hopes for a US Iran peace
deal also lifting [music] market
sentiment despite the latest military
strikes in the Persian Gulf. Also ahead,
[music] China is said to restrict
overseas travel for top AI talent in
private firms including Deep Seek and
[music] Alibaba.
And Volvo confirms a Bloom report that
it's [music] struck a deal with the
Trump administration to avoid a US ban
on vehicles tied to China.
All right, we're starting with some
breaking news out of the US, out of
Texas here this morning. This dropping
on your terminal screens here uh as
Republican voters uh in Texas are having
their final say in this primary campaign
for the US Senate seat. Uh, and what we
have learned, according to AP, they're
projecting that Ken Paxton has now wins
this Texas Republican Senate runoff
here. And, uh, also when it comes to DH
DDHQ, also projecting that, uh, Ken
Paxton has won. Um, this is interesting,
right, because this was long seen as one
of the most expensive sort of campaigns
uh, in the Senate history here. Of
course, as we look towards, of course,
the midterms, Democrats are watching
this race really closely here and hoping
to flip the seat as part of their
campaign to win back both the House and
the Senate. But we have, as far as we
can see, and what AP is projecting as
well this morning, the four-term
incumbent Senator John Cornin uh is
maybe coming to an end, his tenure here,
nearly 24-year career in Washington
after President Trump just last week
endorsed Ken Paxton, the Texas Attorney
General. So, yes, that is the latest
when it comes uh to what's going on in
Texas. We'll have more from our bureau
chief there uh coming up during the
show. But there you go. You're seeing
live pictures out of the Paxton uh
campaign side here this evening. In the
meantime though, uh certainly when we
markets, we're tracking all things
chips, right? That continues to be the
top story here today. Averil, after you
have the likes of Micron reaching that$1
trillion dollar market cap, you got to
add SKHix now to the mix this morning.
Mhm.
>> Yeah. And this is coming a couple of
weeks after Samsung joined that $1
trillion market cap club. Of course,
there are a couple of other things that
we're watching as well, including
developments between the US and Iran.
Let's take a look at how markets are
fairing because Brent has been holding
steady. We saw how treasuries rallied.
The front end though, that's the one
that's really pulling ahead. You got to
wonder, are they getting ahead of
themselves to some extent? We can take a
look at how treasuries are fairing in
the Asian session today because we have
quite a bit of front-end supply coming
online this week as well. Now, as you
said, it's really about chips, right? Uh
the memory demand that's insatiable. So,
that fueled Micron what 20% higher
overnight. The S&P 500 closed at records
and then SK Highix joining the $1
trillion market cap club. I think this
really speaks to the pricing power for
these memory names at the time where
they are able to determine the intensity
of the data center infrastructure
buildout. We are of course seeing the
Cosby up almost 4% against the backdrop
and chip stocks are also helping the TX
today. We'll watch the Chinese memory
related stocks in the session. Take a
look at how we are setting up today.
There's even a memory read through right
for corporate results because Xiaomi's
profits were dented really by the memory
costs. And at bottom of the hour, we of
course have industrial profit data
coming out of China. RBNZ decision due
in the next hour. We have MLF out of
China now at a record low. of course
keeping track as well on what seems to
be some tightening related to the travel
restrictions for AI professionals uh at
a time where you know this chip rally is
really front and center Ivonne.
>> Yeah, it really did. Um that UBS call
around Micron certainly kind of lit a
fire on things right when they're
expecting this the stock to double in
the next 12 months or so. Really just
goes to show uh you know this the the
semiconductor space continues to be very
hot. I think the Huawei story kind of
helped the Micron story in some ways
overnight as well. So, we've kind of
gone global with all this as well. Let's
keep track on all these rallies in Korea
where is rallying sharply here today.
You've seen Taiwan doing quite well,
leading Japan higher. Let's bring in our
markets reporter Anthony Stevens on
really Asia tech is feeding and like
loving these Micron headlines right now.
>> Micron is the new macro, right? Oil
volatility collapsed yesterday and
Micron's up 20%. That tells you
everything you need to know about the
setup for markets today. Micron actually
the price target was a doubling from
here right so up 20% is kind of
conservative if you want to go that way
um the read through into Korea is very
easy uh Samsung and he are direct
competitors direct beneficiaries and
also coincidentally today's the launch
of the leverage Samsung and heinix ETFs
on show so this is perfect timing for
them um in terms of Taiwan Taiwan has
not really struggled for catalyst it's
been gently uh you know going higher the
whole year uh and with TSMC's leadership
I think it's a very easy setup. Um it's
starting to become macro as kind of the
currencies take uh uh kind of shelter
from this these equity boom, right? So
you see Korean one finally starting to
kind of settle down a bit. It was very
concerned about the oil bills. Um Taiwan
as well because of the shortages of
several things. Now you start to see FX
in equity in Asia being supported by the
equity gain. So that's a that's a new
development that hopefully kind of uh
kind of uh strengthens as we go into the
back end of this year.
China though, I mean it seems to be
still pretty lackluster overnight too in
comparison. Why do you think that is?
>> It's I think it's because China has both
the winners and losers of the AI space
in one market, right? If you see the
overnight indications, you see K web was
up a percent but that's after being down
several days in a row. China is a chip
price taker across many things. So you
guys alluded to the appliances uh like
like Xiaomi but also the EVs, right?
China consumes vast amounts of these
chips to export all these goods and
they're getting squeezed on margins.
That's on the consumer side. On the
internet side, you have the regulatory
crackdown which reminds investors that
there is a cap to how much the Chinese
will allow AI companies to monetize this
insane growth in AI. So that this market
has like a few negatives to go with the
positives on the on the hardware side.
>> Yeah. the China discount as you allude
to. Is there an opportunity for them to
play catch-up in a way though Anthony?
>> Yeah, I think it's interesting how much
policy space China has though, right?
You saw the the the overnight lending
rate dropped to a record. Uh the the UN
is very strong. So the ch the Chinese
have a lot of policy space to lean into
stimulus uh and and to have like select
uh supportive policies for AI techch in
particular. On the other hand, also from
a technology perspective, Qualcomm was
very interesting to me overnight. Their
deal to custom make chips for bite dance
that skirt the regulations from the US
could be a new avenue for China to play
technological catch-up. This
custombbased chips for for consumer
applications that does not run a foul of
the Trump administration and may be a
way forward for these China internet
companies.
>> Interesting. All right, Anthony, thank
you. Anthony Stevens there wrapping up
all the tech news for us and moves
across these markets. And as we've
alluded to a little bit on the
regulatory side of things, Bloomberg has
learned that China is restricting
overseas travel for top AI talent in
private firms like Alibaba and Deepseek.
Now, sources say AI startup founders,
researchers, and executives will need
approval if they want to travel out of
the country. Let's bring in our managing
editor for Asia Tech, Edwin Chan, is
with us here on what we know so far
about this this policy. Uh it's an
interesting turn of events. I think for
some context um China for years has been
restricting overseas travel for uh
government officials and senior banking
executives, people considered uh in
sensitive roles. So what's happening now
is they're beginning to extend the same
restrictions to people in the AI sphere.
And I guess it tells us um a couple
things. One is the Chinese leadership
like governments all over the world are
beginning to realize that talent is you
know one of the key foundations for this
remarkably potentially revolutionary
technology. And the second thing is that
Beijing or the Chinese government is
intent on protecting uh this strategic
asset for one of a better term.
>> Yeah. strategic asset. But I wonder does
this, you know, raise the possibility of
all this backfiring on China? Does it
make it in some way more difficult to
recruit to retain talent at the time
where it's trying to play catch-up with
the US on the AI sphere?
>> We we think it will have some sort of
chilling effect um on both sides of the
equation. And if you were a young and up
upand cominging uh AI engineer for
instance uh news like this or
restrictions like these may give you
pause. It may for instance make you
decide at a much earlier stage in your
career whether you want to be primarily
based in China or if you want to seek uh
career opportunities abroad. And then on
the other side of the equation, I think
if you're planning an AI operation,
whether you're deep sea, Alibaba or some
other private enterprise, um you will
have to take this into account and it
it's it's a fairly complex uh
ramification. The the other interesting
thing of course is that most of the
restrictions used to apply to government
affiliated agencies, institutions and
enterprises.
Now that is trickling into the private
sector. As a private business, an
entrepreneur, you do have to take this
into account as well in your future
planning.
>> Edwin, thank you for bringing that piece
there. Uh Edwin Chen, our managing
editor for Asia Technology. I know this
was a big scoop among many of our teams
across Bloomberg News here. Uh and still
ahead, an update on business confidence
and what this means, right? Even just
when it comes to regulatory side of
things in China, we're to have the EU
Chamber of Commerce joining us as they
release a new survey suggesting signs of
improvement. The president, Yen
Zescaland, is with us [music] next, and
we're counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. Looks
to be plenty of tech tailwinds here
today. We'll see how that [music] plays
out when it comes to some of these
onshore AI trades and what it means for
HStech here today. Futures are still
pretty flat this morning. This is the
China show.
Futures are flat here this morning as we
countd down to this open just about 17
minutes away but certainly uh we are
seeing this tech rally once again uh
pretty lit here across the North Asia.
So we'll continue to track that. Uh
we're still seeing when it comes to
bonds when it comes to currency though
still pretty steady 678 for dollar China
this morning. Uh we got to take a look
at what business sentiment and the like
uh looks like here when it comes to
European businesses in terms of
confidence in China has been sliding for
years. But a new survey suggests
sentiment may now be stabilizing. This
comes as China intensifies regulatory
crackdowns in its stock markets
underscoring both risks and
opportunities for foreign investors.
>> Yeah. Let's discuss this and more with
European Union Chamber of Commerce in
China President Yens Escalan. Yens,
great to see you. So from what you're
seeing on the ground, it looks like
business confidence is improving.
>> Indeed, uh it looks like we might have
turned a corner. It's too early to tell,
we think, because it is one isolated
data point, but what we can see is that
relative to last year, which was the
poorest uh poorest year that we have on
record, we can see that we are back to
where where we were in 2024. So yes,
there is there has been an uptick. We
think there are many reasons. uh one
reason is that we are living in a very
volatile world and and China perhaps
offers relative stability. Another thing
is that we have seen European companies
being engaging in aggressive cost cost
cutting. We have seen European companies
uh turning to more lucrative profitable
export markets and perhaps also a little
bit of crisis fatigue. You know
companies are simply getting used to
that we living in this very unstable uh
uh world and sort of this is becoming
the new new normal. So we think that
there are many reasons that this might
happen. What would be interesting of
course would be to see if this would be
a sustained change in sentiment.
>> Yeah, I guess the proof is in the
pudding so to speak because we are also
speaking at the time where it looks like
on the regulatory front, China is
tightening things. I mean you look at uh
some of these related headlines on AI
professionals travel restrictions. I
mean what do European businesses in
China want to see more of? What what is
left to do?
>> Yeah, we still think uh I mean if we
look back at 2025, the big story was
export controls and that matter is still
not uh resolved. We have the Busan uh
agreement expiring um by the 10th of
November. It's less than 6 months from
now. We still don't know if there will
be an an extension that will be a really
really big one uh for European and and
other business if that is not getting
resolved. And then of course we have we
are seeing that China is beginning to
develop uh an extr territorial
regulatory toolbox similar to what we
see in the United States and sometimes
some of these regulations are in direct
contradiction with each other. This is
something that creates uncertainty. We
don't know what how to comply sometimes
in particular if there are
contradictions. So I think there's a lot
of uncertainty on the regulatory agenda
right now.
Yens, what we're hearing from some of
the other chambers, Amch and Hong Kong
in particular just a few months ago, was
that there there seems to be more
businesses willing to come back to China
because now that you see tariffs are in
some ways relatively more, you know,
we're back down still comparative uh to
the rest of the region here and you
know, they they really can't find
another market that is as efficient uh
as China and the supply chains there.
Are you starting to see that sort of
trend and people coming back and
businesses coming back to China? Now
>> I think it's a a very very interesting
question that you raised there. We
actually don't see a lot of new
companies coming here. But what we do
see is that existing companies are
actually increasing their onsuring in
China and I think this is something that
will concern uh European regulators when
they look at that. uh we saw very
clearly last year we see it actually
even stronger today that a full 32% of
our members tell us that they are
increasing their onshoring in China only
7% are increasing their offshoring out
of China so if anything Europe is
getting more dependent on China not less
another thing that we see is a
fragmentation of supply chains that you
know under influence from all of this
geopolitical volatility we're beginning
to see supply chain complexity on the
increase we see regional ization we see
companies exporting to for final
assembly and then further export out so
things are getting more complicated but
definitely in regard to onshoring
there's an upside for China right now
and I like this interesting fact here
when it comes to R&D and how competitive
things are right now that more members
are now reporting that Chinese firms in
their industry as more innovative than
European ones are there certain sectors
that are driving this sort of perception
shift and how do they compete uh given
that you know China is pushing towards
more self-reliance now
>> yeah I think an obvious one is um is
automotive and green technology and also
pharma where China has been investing
very very heavily uh in in R&D I think
it's both a challenge and opportunity
for European business a lot of very
exciting things are happening in China
and if European companies are able to
tap into that on the ground in China
that certainly can provide an
opportunity and and and a benefit. But
it is perhaps also a signal that
European business really need to be uh
uh uh observing what's happening here.
They need to continue to invest uh they
need to continue uh uh prioritizing R&D.
So I think there's a way out but but but
certainly you need to be aware what what
what happens here on the ground.
Yens, are the businesses that you
represent also, you know, a bit more or
less concerned about the transfer of
technology and the worry surrounding
that?
>> Sorry, could you please repeat that?
Are the businesses that you represent
more or perhaps less concerned about the
transfer of technology, which of course
is a key issue among businesses,
especially with AI being such a
strategic asset given the way how both
the Europeans and the Chinese might be
viewing this.
>> Yeah, that actually remains a concern
for European business. uh and that's
where a little bit unexpected that we
saw that the concern in regard to IPR
protection actually have increased. We
had 39% of our members telling us that
uh you know they are experiencing I IP
infringements and that they don't feel
that the enforcement of IPR regulations
is sufficient and adequate. The thing is
actually that our members are telling us
they're pretty happy with the regulatory
environment when it comes to IPR
protection. It's the enforcement really
that's a problem now and I think this is
something that weighs heavily when
companies are considering whether to
transfer technology to China. So clearly
there's an opportunity for China also if
it improves on its IPR protection
enforcement the regulations are there
now it's about enforcement.
Yeah, you mentioned in the report about
quick wins, Yens, what could be
actionable in terms of reforms in the
near term?
>> I think a big one that is to establish
clarity on the export controls. That was
the big theme last year. We had a third
of our members that were directly
impacted by these export controls. If
the Busan agreement falls apart, it'll
be even uh more companies. I mean what
we need in order to be able to continue
to to to invest and develop and
prioritize China that's predictability
and reliability in in the market and
having clarity on some of these issues
really would be a big support and and
and create confidence. IPR uh is another
uh issue and then we see also at local
levels that there are a lot more that
local governments can do to support
businesses in particular the small and
medium-sized enterprises crossber then
data transfers transfers uh uh um money
transfers outside of of China uh
movements between districts uh honoring
commitments for subsidies and so on and
so forth. So we think there are a lot of
things that China can still do.
>> Yens it's great to have you. Thank you,
Yen Escalin there, president of the
European Union Chamber of Commerce in
China. Let's bring you those live
pictures out of Austin, Texas here right
now where we have uh seen here when it
comes to uh Mr. Cornin that I believe
that's him. Yeah, John Cornin just
leaving uh the stage there. But he has
conceded to that loss uh to Ken Paxton
here in this Senate Senate runoff here.
So, what we have learned the last couple
minutes, the Texas Attorney General, Kim
Paxton, has won that state's Republican
Senate runoff here, defeating John
Corbin with approximately 63% of the
vote currently here. And this is, of
course, after last week getting the
backing from President Trump himself.
So, more coming up from Texas here. This
is Bloomberg.
I'm Ken's son-in-law. We're excited to
be with all of you here tonight.
We have breaking news crossing the
terminal. This one related to of course
the memory giant Samsung electronics and
its union says that members have
approved a tentative wage deal. So this
has been reached between management and
union leaders last week according to the
union and 73.7% of ballots cast were in
favor of the wage agreement. Of course,
this is a company that has been under
pressure to redistribute the gains from
AI and we saw how uh the strike risk was
a couple weeks back last week actually
averted to some extent but it's
continuing to be in the spotlight
Ivonne.
>> Yeah, more reasons to celebrate if
you're one of these tech bulls here when
it comes to chip space here, right? So
that certainly has been cleared uh when
it comes to this rage negotiations and
then you have of course the whole
continuation of the IPO market where you
have anything AI related is doing quite
well. Case in point Beijing deep zero
tech this is a AIdriven marketing tech
company here. There you go 180% gains
here right now. We it's just one of
three trading debuts as you can see on
the screen here but all are doing very
very well as well. Chip stocks of course
as of course what we heard from Samsung
what we're hearing from Micron SKH
highinex now have a one trillion market
dollar market cap here that really is
leading to more gains across the chip
sector in China as well so adding to
already the news on Huawei in the last
couple of sessions that's really fueling
this this sector Huahong semi is up
another 4% here today on the flip side
of it it's going to be Xiaomi right
after those earnings on the first
quarter were pretty disappointing when
you talk about the pressure on
smartphones phones given this memory
chip crunch. The pressure [music] also
when it comes to its EV business as
well. The stock in the pre-market down
half of 1%. We got the open coming up
[music] next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're counting [music] down to the
open of markets. We have data coming up
in a couple of seconds on industrial
profit numbers. But the focus for
markets [music] in the region today,
it's really how powerful this memory
stop surge has been. The dominance of a
handful of companies [music]
including SKH Highix and Samsung
electronics. And maybe we see a bit of a
follow through as far [music] as Chinese
memory players are concerned or
broadening out of the trade. Think about
how some of these [music] Chinese PCB
makers have also been benefiting from
the AI boom, right?
>> Yeah. As [music] Anthony Steven said,
right, there's the winners and losers of
AI in this whole China market. [music]
So, it's a very pick and choose sort of
thing. So, does it actually lead to more
gains as a benchmark or as a as an
index? Possibly not. But you know the
insatiable demand when it comes to
memory continues to really dominate the
headlines here despite the fact that
there's a lingering doubt about whether
we have reached some sort of deal
between the US and Iran. So uh with that
in mind you know we continue to look and
ed head higher when it comes to tech
here today. Entra markets though are
certainly not feeling it. Uh CSI 300
were down about a fifth of 1%. Shenzhen
is flat this morning. Uh you're you're
seeing when it comes to crude markets
are also slightly down but not much. Uh
we're we're focusing on aluminum coming
up here as well, just given that we saw
in the LME contracts there hitting a
four-year high. There were fears of of
China output cuts as well. So that's one
thing to contend with here today. But
look at the tech space. Chip space,
Capricorn tech is actually lower here
this morning. We're down about one and a
half%. They have gone up quite
substantially though uh since the start
of this week because of the Huawei news.
So maybe some profit taking there today.
We'll see. Hong Kong is doing this here
right now. Uh we're watching of course
what this means you know this whole the
tailwinds that keep adding to North Asia
right when it comes to what you're
seeing with Taiwan continuing to
outperform Korea with SKH now joining
that $1 trillion
club uh with the likes of Samsung with
the likes of TSMC right they're the big
three in Asia now you add the Micron
news and that really did help uh the
whole sector so there you go is still up
but but it's not once again it's not the
traditional internet platforms that are
driving this, right? Look at Tencent,
look at Baba, look at Mtoan and Xiaomi
all falling here with the exception of
BU. But Xiaomi certainly is the one to
watch here, right? Because they are on
the other side of this whole coin when
they're dealing with the hit from memory
chip prices. Uh, and that's really
weighing on its smartphone business. The
EV AI business was was lossmaking and
then you add when it comes to consumer
products and the reduction of subsidies,
that's also impacting that business as
well. So, uh, multiple headwinds when it
comes to Xiaomi. That's why you're
seeing the stock down by about 1% or
more this morning. Let's check a look at
some of the chip stocks, though, because
that certainly is what could be the
bright spot once again. And there you
go. SMIC, Huah, Semi, uh, ASMPT all
seeing some outsized moves here. So,
certainly, you know, you don't want to
get in front of this train right now.
So, China chip stocks are also doing
quite well. Uh, there also is some AI
adjacent AI related sort of companies,
right, that are listing today. Take a
look at Beijing Deep Zero Tech. This is
a AIdriven marketing tech company uh
there and you are seeing close to 200%
gains at the first day of trade. It's
the one of three here. So, Shenzhen SDMC
Tech, View Tricks Tech. What a day to
actually list here today given that tech
is certainly is the winner here. Uh we
talked about aluminum. Uh we did see
when it comes to some of the Shanghai
futures are a little bit perked up here
this morning after what we saw in
London. So there there's fears of output
cuts in China which continues to be when
it comes to disruptions in the Middle
East. Uh you're seeing that authorities
are moving to rein in some of the overp
production as we start to see inventory
swell. So there was one smelter that's
already cutting output of molten
aluminum. So there are some fears there
here this morning. Chalkco though is
still uh bucking the trend against some
of its peers today. April.
>> Yep. We have those numbers also out of
China for industrial profits January to
April. You're seeing the number coming
in a lot better than the prior reading.
So 18.2%
and even on the on-year number it's
24.7%.
So I think this speaks to not just how
factory gate prices were pushed up amid
the energy shock from the war. It's
really this AI demand that has been also
boying profits. Right? That's a read
through for some of these firms as well.
At the time where China's industrial
production for the month of April, it
was the weakest gain in a year. So you
are seeing how the export boom, AI
products, the immense demand for all
that. I think that's all feeding into
industrial profits. Ivonne.
>> Yep. Certainly that's one thing to watch
as well. Um but yeah, it's it's really
all about one name in the game here.
It's really got to be chips. Joining us
now is Dan Hiler, senior analyst at EFM
Asset Management, uh, joining us here on
set. Um, I mean, it's it's amazing when
you have TSMC, you have Samsung,
Eskhanx, all have a market cap of$1
trillion dollars. Barring just earnings
power alone, how do I even track the
upside of these stocks now?
>> Yeah. Well, it's always about visibility
and visibility, you know, leads into
PES, PE, PE ratios. The better
visibility, the higher the pees. and uh
visibility just seems to getting longer
and longer in terms of the chip
companies um and we have so few of them
and most of them are here in Asia right
so that's going to continue to drive um
pricing pricing power earnings power and
pees so you have this triple effect on
stocks pees earnings power and
concentration and I think this can
continue for some time
>> is are you just adding exposure now
every you know to this whole supply
chain
>> um exactly so you need to look I mean um
yeah EFM I think um yeah we're kind of
90% up since since starting the AI fund.
Um I'd say the the key really is um you
know as you look at the different
regions you know China specifically
valuations are going to be completely
different because it's appealing
appealing to just a China fund where
where like there's not that many plays
within China itself to get memory.
There's a couple these are going to be
big IPOs in memory CXMC npm those are
going to add a lot of liquidity. Uh you
put up ASM Pacific there. Um so a lot of
small caps and on local shares
interesting companies um supply chain
companies so that's one uh I think in
terms of Taiwan is always a different PE
because it's got the geopolitical risk
so you have to look at the Taiwan gets
this discount which we think is totally
irrational uh um you know risk to Taiwan
is risk to the the world so all pees are
at risk if there was anything to happen
in Taiwan. Um so playing the whole stack
I think you start with energy then you
move to chips then you move to you you
have to move to like whole data center
capabilities so many things within a
data center the cooling the piping and
all that and then on top of that you
have the models and then apps right so
apps is really messy right now but for
now it's still about the builders it's
very much a land grab um the big CSPs
have power they're trying to get these
long-term contracts out to next here,
you know, and um you know, 2023, those
long-term contracts, you know, were were
not validated. I mean, they were not
actually acknowledged. You know, these
CSPs built two quarters of inventory,
which then ended up So, this is closely
on the memory companies, you know,
memory. They, you know, the memory
companies are remembering that this was
this was not a great outcome. So,
they're being very careful with
capacity. Um they're adding incremental
10k 10k here. Um the nan companies are
particularly careful in spending because
that's much more of a commodity. At
least with DRAM there's the HBM there's
the penalty on production because every
time you go up you lose wafers every
time you move up the tech stack and
there's more customization in HBM. So um
I think this is leading to careful
buildout of supply possibly supply
getting closer to demand later next year
at best. Um and uh will we overshoot at
some point massively? Not if we get the
next kind of roll out on enterprise. You
know, right now clearly CSPs are
grabbing as much as they can and they're
going to take inventory if they can,
right? If you know, there's not really
enough to build inventory now. But um so
I think the next wave really is um as it
was with cloud is enterprises now not
really wanting to put everything on a
big service provider. They're going to
want to put it either on premise or use
neoclouds. and that's starting to fold
into the demand. So it looks it looks
good. Yeah. Two two or three years out
for sure.
>> Yeah. So Dan, I wanted to ask when it
comes to the bottlenecks that you're
seeing or
>> the part of the STE that is perhaps most
underappreciated, what might that be?
And then when it comes to looking at
China, what are the odds for playing
catchup, especially when this
conversation about the China discount is
resurfacing? H
I love that question because that's a
question, you know, PMs need to ask
every day. What's, you know, what are
people missing? And uh I I I think one
of the big uh exciting next mega trends
um is this kind of chiplet packaging on
substrates for Moors law because it's
getting so expensive to shrink dye. Um
EUV machines are so expensive and the
physics are crazy. I mean, it's already
pretty much blackmagic what's going on
in FAPS today. Uh, so the idea of
putting a bunch of chips on a substrate
as opposed to having a large chip um is
is a lot of innovations taking place.
You actually need very unique substrates
moving to glass. Intel's investing here.
TSMC is investing here.
>> Um, and within that ecosystem, there's a
lot of actually, you know, back in
equipment companies. There's there's
there's photonics that's taking place.
So, this is kind of the next trajectory
growth for semis overall. um being able
to put say eight GPUs on a single
substrate versus four or five today or
eight or nine and it's square, right, is
is also it's easier to work with. Um and
there's different ways. Intel failed at
this early on because they tried to
drill through the glass and it was
messy. So now they're they're they've
adapted this technology. TSMC is going
to be scaling this and there'll be a
whole group of companies. Remember
there's thousands of companies that just
feed into these big, you know, five or
six companies in the world and and so
you need to be able to understand that
supply chain. Taiwan has many great
small midcaps that feed in the TSMC
supply chain as well. So that's that's
how we're thinking about it.
>> So China, where does it fit in?
>> Yeah, great. Yeah, thanks. Yeah, China's
got a got a great small caps, too. Um,
and medium caps, uh, they've got the two
memory plays that are not leading edge,
but certainly good enough for the huge
capabilities and needs of China. You can
put a lot of seven nanometer chips
together on a substrate. You don't need
two, you know, two nanometer uh chips to
to get AI running, especially if your
power is is, you know, almost is very
inexpensive. I mean, in Inner Mongolia,
it's probably free with all that wind
power. So without power being a big
constraint or space being a constraint,
China can really go out with more legacy
chips, put them together on substrates
um and build a very, you know, robust
sufficient for the you know for the
China market a very and that's again a
lot of a lot of demand on the China
side.
>> Dan, it's great to have you. Thank you.
Dan Hiler there, senior analyst at EFM
Asset Management here. Yeah, we're going
granular substrates uh here um this
morning. When [clears throat] it comes
to what we're coming up next, we're
tracking what's going on in Texas here.
The Trump backed Texas Attorney General
Ken Paxton wins Republican Senate
runoff, defeating four-term [music]
incumbent John Cornin. We have update
live from Dallas. Next, this is
>> James Ter.
We'll take you now to Dallas, Texas,
where the incumbent Texas Republican
Senator John Cornin has conceded defeat
in a party primary runoff to the
President Trump backed challenger Ken
Paxton. And let's get to Dallas. Bring
in now Texas Bureau Chief Julie Fine for
more on this. Julie, we're seeing them
taking the stage. Paxton has also talked
about how he will be the Democrat's
number one target in the November
election. Put things in context for us.
Bring us up to speed. Well, first of
all, the most important thing to put
into context is there's so much focus on
this race because many believe the
balance of power of the United States
Senate will run through Texas in this
election. Now, a Democrat has not won
statewide office here in the state of
Texas since the early 90s. Democrats
believe James Terico is their best
chance. They feel very confident with
him. Their desired candidate was Ken
Paxton. Ken Paxton has had some legal
battles over the year. He was brought up
on impeachment charges in the House, but
not convicted in the Senate. They
believe that he is a flaw a flawed
candidate. However, Ken Paxton won and
he won handily tonight. He was ahead in
the polls even before he had Donald
Trump's endorsement. He really sent a
message tonight. He just said change is
on the ballot and change one. So, it'll
be very interesting to see how much
money could be spent in this
allimportant race in November.
>> Yeah, I mean it's already been very
expensive uh just this one alone. uh
Julie, but just for for a global
audience that that's watching this right
now, what are sort of the implications
does does this sort of race have to not
just you know the midterms and the like
here and really what does his win really
show about h where voters are turning to
and why they voted uh for of course uh
this new this new uh winner here right
now, Mr. Paxton.
>> Well, Ken Paxton, he had the endorsement
from President Trump and this really
shows. I mean he won by a very wide
margin tonight against John Cornin who
has been extremely well-liked in the
Senate and very powerful over the years.
He was talked about as leader losing out
to John Thun. So this really shows that
Donald Trump's endorsement made a very
big difference here. Ken Paxton is one
that was aligned from Donald Trump from
2016 on and it really did show the power
of their relationship.
>> All right, Julie, we got to leave it
there. Thanks for staying late with us.
Julie Fine there, our Bloomberg, Texas
bureau chief, joining us out of Dallas
here as of course we look at continue
look at these live pictures out of
Austin here this morning. And of course
you can rewatch uh all the sort of
stories that we're tracking here on our
Bloomberg video hub. We got plenty more
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
Here are some of the stories we're
following. Ferrari shares tumbled as
[music] industry analysts and social
media users alike blasted its first
fully electric vehicle. The $640,000
Luche was shaped by former Apple
designer Joanie IV. Critics are
comparing [music] its appearance to
mid-market offerings from the likes of
Tesla and Honda. Ferrari will be hoping
the car's performance will silence the
haters with 1,000 [music]
horsepower, taking the luche from zero
to 100 kilometers an hour [music] in
under 3 seconds.
Xiaomi's first quarter profit fell more
than expected [music] as a sharp rise in
memory costs weighed on its smartphone
business. Net income tumbled almost 60%
while revenue dropped for the first time
in nearly 3 years. Xiaomi's president
says the company plans [music] to
improve its product lineup and raise
average selling prices to offset weaker
volumes.
Pony AI has raised its robo taxi fleet
target [music] for this year by 500
vehicles after reporting stronger than
expected first quarter revenue. Sales
grew by 145% [music] to $34 million,
although its operating loss widened to
$58 million. The self-driving tech
company has also raised its 2026 revenue
growth target, signaling [music]
confidence in China's robo taxi market.
Ivon,
well, China is pushing ahead with a
vision to link 11 cities, including here
in Hong Kong, into an interconnected
metropolis aimed at rivaling Silicon
Valley's economic power. But this is
just one piece of a much larger plan to
fuse already massive cities into vast
mega regions. Bloomberg Originals has
been taking a closer look.
>> You're looking at the largest continuous
urban area the world has ever seen.
86 million people fused into a single $2
trillion economic engine. It's known as
China's greater bay area.
>> It's a bold, very ambitious attempt by
the Chinese government to integrate 11
cities. For China, this is just the
start. Its latest 5-year plan pivots
[music] from individual cities to a
focus on mega regional China, a network
of 19 massive clusters [music] with the
greater Bay Area as a primary engine for
growth.
>> China's relying a great deal [music] on
the greater Bay Area to provide this
kind of a powerhouse innovative economy
with a long-term goal.
>> Smaller cities connecting into larger
ones goes back millennia. [music]
Yet, we're no longer talking about a few
thousand merchants following a trade
route, but instead hundreds of millions
of people integrated into a single labor
market.
Where gaps once took centuries to close,
rail lines and relentless paving are
swallowing the landscape at a rate of
kilome per day.
>> After 6,000 years of urbanism, cities
are becoming larger and larger. Every
single city is continuing [music] to
draw in more and more people for the
kinds of opportunities that they can't
get in [music] any other sort of place.
>> Economists believe that unifying the
world's massive urban centers can
revitalize economies and redefine the
rules of growth.
What happens here in China could be a
blueprint for the future of humanity.
This is China's megalopouloolis project
>> and subscribers can watch that full
documentary now on the terminal or our
website at bloomberg.com. You can also
find more from Bloomberg Originals on
their YouTube channel. We are of course
in the midst of some market holidays
across much of the Asia-Pacific, a
number of them in the ASEAN region. But
uh you know that really doesn't matter.
If you're looking at what is driving
markets today, it is the chip related
stocks. I mean, Ivonne, we have the
likes of SK Highix, right? That's now
crossed the $1 trillion
market cap at the time where, you know,
maybe there were some lingering concerns
about these memory makers having been
burnt before. uh but there's all this
talk about a super cycle now and the
extent in which the AI infrastructure
buildout has really propelled the demand
for memory chips they these memory
makers can determine uh the pricing
there's so much pricing power and that's
being fueling what you're seeing in
South Korea's gauges also makes you
wonder uh how the Chinese chipmakers
play into all this
>> right and it's interesting right as as
you mentioned as there is this sort of
shift shift to this whole AI
infrastructure buildout. You know, the
the ongoing and lingering concerns
around memory was always about how
cyclical, you know, this this industry
is. Does this whole buildout change that
narrative and broken that pattern
essentially here is sort of the key
question and something that's more
structural? Uh seems to be the case at
least for now and where investors are
leaning towards uh and even leaning
towards anything AI adjacent, right?
Take a look at the likes of some of
these listing debuts here in Hong Kong
today. Beijing Deepzero Tech for
example. This is sort of an AIdriven
marketing tech company uh having some
you know great gains here right we're
talking about 241%
gains here on the first day of school
you have Shenzhen SEMC tech also uh
doubling from its IPO price and Vrex
technology also up double digits here
today it's good timing given that you
know all these sort of AI techreated
news is really sending plenty of
tailwinds here but you know as you see
you broaden it out uh in the China
markets here it is relatively quiet
compared to the rest of of North Asia.
>> Yeah, let's take a look at what is
moving in the rest of the region as well
on a day where the focus is still on
some of these AI related trades. Of
course, we have been watching the
Australian numbers for CPI and in the
top of the next hour, we'll be getting
those uh central bank decisions from New
Zealand at a time where of course the
focus has also been on the higher rates
in the country and the extent that has
really derailed the housing boom there.
We're talking about a housing slump in
New Zealand. For the moment though, you
are seeing most of the region in
positive territory and the G10s is
interesting. Uh you're moving sideways
on most of these currencies at a time
where I guess the inflation read through
is something that markets are still
considering. How does that feed into the
trajectory for growth? Of course, Ivon.
Yeah. So, it seems like when it comes to
RBNZ that all economists surveyed expect
things to remain on hold, but then
again, what we're looking out for is
going to be whether they signal
anything, right? When it comes to those
revive projections, whether they
actually start to indicate uh the return
to rate hikes, also when it comes to any
commentary on the voting breakdown here.
So, this is for the first time uh if the
committee fails to reach a consensus.
I'm reading the the T live blog now. Uh
we'll see exactly how members split and
which way each voted though. So that
RBNA decision just moments away [music]
of course and we'll give you a snapshot
of how Chinese markets are doing here
this morning. Uh pretty quiet there but
we'll bring you an update coming up
next. This has been burned.
We are excited to you know look at what
um the markets are doing this fine
Wednesday morning right but also
tracking [music] what uh the RBNZ is
doing. The expectation is for it to
leave things unchanged on hold. We are
of course expecting perhaps uh some more
signaling when it comes to the central
bank's worries about inflation. There
has been a lot of talk about for how
these developed market central banks the
extent in which they can perhaps look
through the first order effects of the
Iran war and perhaps look more into how
anchored these inflation expectations
are. that is going to be the bigger
worry and I think that has something uh
has been something that our colleagues
at BI has been signaling. We are seeing
as expected the RBNZ leaving its
official cash rate unchanged at 2.25%
uh in terms of the market reaction.
There is a bit of uh climb when it comes
to the Kiwi dollar against the green
bag. So, uh, we're moving on to those
session highs now on the New Zealand
currency, Ivonne.
>> Yeah. And, and the reason why you're
seeing the Kiwi now spike, right? You
take a look at when it comes the average
official cash rate forecast, uh, it has
been basically shifted higher. When you
look at this year, uh, when it comes to
2026 third quarter could go up to 2 and
a.5% 2.84% 84% is where that official
cash rate could be by the end of this
year and then it's also raised higher
for the first and second quarter. I
believe I correct myself by the time of
2027 that's when things are coming off
but then again why what you're seeing
here is that the future cash rate
projections have been raised higher for
2026.
Uh they also been coming out with some
of their forecasts here. there's now a
chance basically that there's going to
be a hike uh basically by the third
quarter and when they say official cash
rate likely to need to rise by more than
envisioned. So that certainly is one
reason why you are seeing the Kiwi a
head higher here today. Annual inflation
returning to 2% not until the third
quarter of 2027
according to the RBN zed. So, uh,
they're giving a bit more commentary
here on what's kind of leading to these
rate hike projections to be pushed a bit
sooner here than later. Uh, the market
was already pricing in three rate hikes
by year end. So, uh, certainly it seems
like these are certainly more hawkish
commentary than was expected here. They
talked about the Middle East conflict
disrupting global supply chains and
trading partner uh, inflation is
increasing, near-term inflation expected
to increase. So that's going to be the
big headline here. Uh that they are
signaling for more rate hikes. The key
rate will most likely need to rise more
and sooner. Uh that's pretty I would
have to say pretty hawkish commentary
coming through uh from the f of RBNZ
here this morning. So we'll continue to
check what New Zealand assets are doing,
but you're seeing the first uh when it
comes to the currency. uh and we're
going to have to get a little bit more
commentary here on where how the votes
uh played out here and really was there
a split in any way this time around in
terms of market checks. Here's what
we're looking at for the rest of Asia.
So, apart from this sort of macro story
that continues to be dominated and
really inflation continues to dominate
the minds of central bankers. Uh when it
comes to stocks, maybe not right because
it continues to be the chip story and AI
that leads things higher here. Look at
the Cosby. Uh we come back from that
holiday reps of 4%. You have the likes
of SKH Highix now with a1 trillion
dollar market cap enjoying the likes of
the other two Samsung and TSMC and we
continue to see outsides gains for
Samsung here today. According to local
reports in Yongap as well seems like
they've also reached
when it comes to negotiations on those
wages. Uh there is some sort of deal. So
that also clears a pathway uh for the
chip space to continue to head higher
here today. uh for a broader regional
market perspective. We're joined by
let's bring in David Savage our M live
strategist here on another day another
tech rally but there is there is more
dispersion across the tech space now
>> absolutely and so again another day
Cosby is up over 4% you know you I think
we've become immune to the idea that an
equity benchmark can be up 4% in a day
even more impressive that you know
looking under the hood 80% of the stocks
are down on the day in the Cosby so
parts of the equity complex that are not
exposed necessarily to this AI trade
chips um and certainly the two memory
stocks um you know they're still feeling
the impacts of you know the conflict and
and some of those macro headwinds um but
you know the fundamentals also support
the dispersion we're seeing too so if we
look back to Q1 most companies have now
reported in in Asia Pacific technology
sector year-over-year earnings growth
130% if you look at consumer
discretionary it's negative
year-over-year uh earnings growth uh so
you know investors are definitely you
know, facing um, you know, a biodal risk
profile, right? Where you have, uh, you
know, a challenge of the conflict still
presents real downside risks, but on the
upside, you you have equity momentum,
flows, earnings growth, all really
pushing um, equities higher.
>> Um, talk to me about some of these
upcoming mega IPOs, right, in the US.
When you talk about SpaceX, Open AI, I
mean, they're saying this this is the
new Mag 7. How do how do you see that
impacting the market? It's it's
interesting because it's already
impacting the market and and we haven't
even seen the IPOs yet. But, you know,
if you look at SoftBank, you know, it's
it was up coming in today 55% in 4 days.
Um, in large part due because it's large
stake in in Open AI. And if you look at
SpaceX, you know, retail's really kind
of hit the nail on the head. I think
Anthony Steven has touched on this a
lot. Uh when it comes to, you know, the
Korean stocks uh and and sort of chasing
the next sort of uh bottleneck or the
next innovation, we've seen a huge
amount of money flowing into any ETF
that has any, you know, minor exposure
in to uh SpaceX at this point. So ETFs
like NASA and UFO, great tickers. Um
[laughter]
but but what we should expect is that
you know investors of all types once the
IPO happens won't have to wait long to
get this exposure through an ETF. Most
index providers have been tweaking some
of their rules to be able to to get you
know the IPO uh after the IPO get these
stocks into those indexes faster. So I
think if once we see the IPO of SpaceX
for instance, I think we can expect a
lot of you know pretty wild price moves
because 15 days after the IPO, SpaceX is
going to be added into the NASDAQ 100 uh
index and that's you know 500 billion
almost just in one ETF and you know
potentially trillions uh you know track
that that that index. So um you know it
should be very very interesting once it
finally happens.
It seems like we've kind of at least the
equity market has completely ignored
what's going on with the Iran war. I
mean, is it still kind of like I can I
can focus on AI with equities and then
with if I want to express anything macro
or when it comes to Iran, I just focus
on the bond market. I mean, how do you
how do you look at the two?
>> Yeah, I I think that's that's mostly
right. I think that's kind of how the
market's trading. And I think I think
also though, you know, as long as the
conflict is is contained in sort of a
range and that we see that with oil
prices too,
>> it it's just not a factor sufficient
enough to overwhelm flows, equity
momentum, the earnings growth we're
seeing. And so that part of the equity
complex continues to trade on on
catalyst within that, negative or
positive, whereas the rest of the space
is definitely still, you know, seeing uh
impacts from the conflict.
>> All right, David, thank you. David
Savage there joining us from our M live
team. I just want to correct myself
earlier when it came to this breaking
news on RBNZ. I apologize here. There's
too many headlines coming through. 2026
and 2027 when it came to the average
official cash rate forecast uh have been
all I would say uh raised higher. That's
why you are seeing here uh that movement
when it comes to the Kiwi here this
morning. So in terms of what we're
hearing about the the votes and the
breakdown of that. So, it seems like in
within the committee there was three
that voted for a hold. Um, and now we're
looking about another three that voted
to raise the official cash rate. So,
there are actually me uh committee
members in this meeting that already
wanted to hike today. So, they continue
to talk about core prices, wages
consistent with CPI returning to target
here. So um all members though have now
had agreed that the future official cash
rate raise uh is likely needed. So
future hikes likely needed. Uh this is
according from the RBNZ statement here
today. So we'll continue to track of
course what goes on. Uh you are seeing
when it comes to the bond market. Uh we
were seeing a bit of a rally a relief
here just given the Iran headlines maybe
that could be turning in at New Zealand
here right now. Uh but you are
continuing to see uh the Kiwi at around
58 uh74. Uh let's bring in GI look now
CIO at hedge fund allocator GGL capital
Capital Investment Group and talk us
back to bring us back to markets and
really this crazy sort of rally that
we're seeing across AI uh here in Asia.
I mean what are hedge funds asking you
now about this whole whole space here?
Can they continue to to chase this
momentum you think?
>> Yeah, thank thanks for having me Ivonne.
Um is a hot topic about AI right now. Uh
recently we we received a email and from
in investment bank there's been survey
saying um it's been very crowded um
about um about 10% of the hedge funment
allocation is investing into
semiconductors right now has been
historically high leverage has been high
as well uh that we have not seen for for
a while and then um you know like in
March even with the escalation in the
Middle East um that was very shortlived.
It's probably the shortest recovery that
we've seen uh in history.
>> What's interesting is that as soon as
the market stabilized, we saw like
capital rotated back into AI and
technology and that's been driving the
whole market and the and and creating a
lot of dispersion.
>> Is there anything that you think that is
any risk in the radar of this whole AI
buildout right now? I mean it seems like
everyone is heading to one direction
here right now.
>> Is there anything that you see as a
near-term risk?
>> Um one risk that we are seeing is a
potential liquidity overhang in AI. Um
we know that there's a sign significant
pipeline in IPOs and supply coming in
and historically that usually coincides
with market peaks. But on the
opportunity side um we see that the the
gap between winners and losers is
widening structurally that really
creates a lot of opportunity in
dispersion that benefits stock pickers
and al opportunities. So what we are
seeing for hedge fund is that instead of
sticking to beta exposure they have been
shifting to do more dispersion trades
long winners and short losers.
Ji, can you talk to us a bit more about
those trades, the dispersion ones? I
mean, how are they hedging the winners
and the losers specifically? What are
some of the other ways that they can
play this AI and hedge against the risk
of, you know, picking the wrong horse?
Yeah, I I think I think AI has been uh
changing from just a thematic story into
a real economic impact and it's
reshaping industries uh human behavior,
capital allocation and there's a lot of
things that's moving in industry for
example uh like the advance chips that
people are long are going along and
there are shorts in say consumer that's
not using tech right now not using AI
and there are a lot of opportunities
dispersion happening within sectors. So
managers are actually looking at these
opportunities right now.
>> At the same time I mean it's difficult
to ignore some of the macro risk for
markets. I suppose that's not something
you're as actively looking at now. But I
mean you've just seen how the RBNZ for
example the hulkish shift. Can the AI
trade exist, you know, with this
cognizance about inflation, can growth
and inflation sort of coexist?
>> Yes, I think it's all re depending on
the earnings of the, you know, the the
the top names. Right now, we're seeing
very strong earnings and that's really
supporting the fundamentals and the
stock movements right now. So I guess as
we track the earnings closely, we will
find out whether it's sustainable or
not. But at least for now, it's very
sustainable.
>> It's interesting your your country
exposure that you're seeing across some
of these hedge funds is is still around
50/50 in China. Um that seems to be for
me it looks a bit quite outside sort of
proportion exposure right now given the
underperformance.
>> Why do you think that there is still
this sort of allocation to China
currently? Um, China is more of a
contrarian contrarian trade like we I
think a lot of people are ignoring the
China domestic Asia. There are a lot of
opportunities and if you look at Hong
Kong is lagging if compared to our
neighbors like in Korea, Japan and
Taiwan mainly because there are not
enough of uh AI supply chain names
listed in Hong Kong. But China is
different. It's a different story. There
are a lot of potential, a lot of
advanced companies that's listed in
China. So we cannot ignore this big
market.
>> We've been talking to guests about the
monetization sort of runway for some of
these Chinese AI companies seems to be
tougher than what you see in the US
where when they're coming out with Deep
Seek, you know, 75 discounts
>> uh percent discounts that are are now
permanent. H how can investors contend
with the the the the lack of
monetization clarity on on on some of
these Chinese AI companies?
>> Yeah, that's why it's it's very
difficult to do an outright long right
now. We cannot just do beter exposure.
We have to be more selective. I I think
this year I think from now on it's more
about being flexible and being
selective. You cannot just go outright
long and take exposures abroad, you
know, across the board. But we need to
really be selective.
Jigi when it comes to what you're seeing
on hedges I mean you talked about how
that you know d-risking
kind of transpire and then quite quickly
the AI rotation came back uh what does
this mean for the traditional
relationships between the hedges bonds
and gold how do you see that panning out
going forward
>> yeah is is a very good question in March
we actually saw that the traditional
hedges such as bond long rates and and
gold are not we're not behaving as you
know investor be expected. So so
investors like us we we do not want to
just rely on static hedges instead we
want to be flexible and uh we want to be
focusing on more portfolio construction
and be more selective in terms of
hedging the risk.
>> Gigi we'll leave it there. Thank you. GG
look there uh CIO at hedge fund
allocator GGL Capital Investment Group.
Still ahead uh we're talking about when
it comes to Chinese investors looking
for new ways to trade overseas [music]
stocks after Beijing's crackdown which
aims to boost domestic markets but may
push money abroad. We have more from
Bloomberg [music] opinion Julie Ren uh
with her great piece here this morning
talking about what this you know
brokerage clampdown could potentially
[music] mean for crossber trading. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Well, April, we've been tracking, of
course, the latest when it comes to
regulatory [music] side of things in
China. The China Today column really
kind of highlighted it quite
interestingly about you know why the the
stock market in China still remains
cheap here and maybe this whole China
discount factor is emerging uh in some
ways after Beijing did rattle markets
when it came to tightening enforcement
against citizens illegally trading
overseas and we saw what happened with
some of those online brokers like Futu,
Upfint, Tiger Brokers. Uh and then you
have the latest which was the travel
curbs according to our team here and our
sources uh for top AI talents. So
another question on how they're really
going to retain and keep talent when it
comes to the whole AI uh strategic asset
sort of sort of sort of space. So uh
then of course there is the unwinding of
that meta takeover of menace that is
still underway as well. So taken
together you it seems like regulatory
conditions are tightening after what we
have seen a few years of things easing.
Um but you know are things kind of
turning now? Let's bring in our
Bloomberg opinion columnist Shulie Ren.
She thinks that Beijing's crackdown on
crossber trading is an attempt to
encourage inflows into its domestic
stock market, but may instead lead to
Chinese citizens seeking out new ways to
invest overseas. Uh, you know, let's
bring in Shulie now. So, we've seen
regulatory sort of tightening before in
this space, but the the language this
time seems very unusually harsh. Why
now? Well, I think it's because uh
Chinese just want to chase after the
NASDAQ and chase after all markets other
than mainland Chinese markets. I mean,
if you look at Futu, that's the biggest
of the three online brokerages that's
being penalized, right? uh you can it's
a publicly listed company and then you
can see that the uh sales last year
increased by twothirds and they they are
actually a victim of their own success
and if you look at the trading volume
breakdown more than twothirds of the
trading volume goes to US market whereas
Hong Kong gets uh less than one/ird in
fact in the last quarter the December
quarter trading volume to the US
increased by 20% whereas uh that of Hong
Kong decreased by almost a third so you
you can just see that the mainland
Chinese they they just really want to
have exposure to to markets other than
China
>> what do you think is going to happen
next what are the implications that you
think could happen from this regulatory
sort of scrutiny now
>> I think uh mainland Chinese are not
going to stop uh not not going to just
stop at that they are going to find new
ways to to diversify their portfolio
overseas when you look at the China
market like a Chinese government can say
they have everything right they will
build their own Nvidia uh Google etc but
the smart stock market really has
nothing. Huawei is still a private
company and we don't have China's
Invidia at all. Right. So, they're going
to go abroad and that is perhaps a
problem for the Hong Kong regulators and
the Hong Kong broker financial services
companies because it it you know that
the SFC came out with a statement last
Friday saying that you have to be very
careful when you do diligence on new
account openings. You have to track do
accounts very carefully. So, so far
we're just talking about retail
investors. How about private bank uh uh
clients, right? A lot of them are
mainland Chinese. Do we say that where
where where
is their money coming from? Why is their
money overseas? It's going to create a
lot of uh confusion and chaos.
>> Yeah, Shi, why is there money overseas?
I mean, what can China do to draw that
capital back home and into its mainland
stock market?
I think if you look at the US stock
market, it's actually the best in the
world, right? Like and there are just
very exciting new uh mega IPOs coming to
market and also like uh companies like
SpaceX, they can uh come into the
Russell 500 index after five trading
days and come to NASDAQ 100 after 15
trading days and that's quite exciting
and it ignites a bullish sentiment.
Whereas in China, if you look at the the
main index, over 30% of financials,
sure, like Chinese government is asking
the banks to give out dividends, but how
much profit can the banks make? And I
think uh China really needs to do a
reform on its uh uh stock market and
then make it a little bit more exciting.
>> Julie, thank you so much. Julie Ren
there on uh Bloomberg opinion and make
sure to check out her column here today.
China's crossber crackdown smacks of
NASDAQ envy. That's on the terminal on
whom.com.
Well, we've been tracking of course this
RBNZ decision here and of course uh as
we heard from the central bank uh really
kind of turning hawkish here uh in their
latest meeting and the split was also 3
to three. There are three committee
members that actually uh say that they
wanted a hike in this meeting. So you
are seeing the the market adjusting here
when it comes to the kiwi here. We're
still seeing gains and strengthening
about 7/10 of 1% to around 58 uh there.
Uh but really we're starting to see what
the bond traders are pricing in now. The
possibility of rate hikes on the table.
You have the Bank New Zealand uh eco
team here just raising their forecast
and saying that next rate hike could be
coming as early as this July. So you are
seeing what was supposed to be a relief
rally across the fixed income. That's c
certainly turning here. Uh when it comes
to New Zealand bonds, the two-year in
particular is up two basis points here
at 351 levels as well. So the inflation
concerns uh according to RBNZ seem to be
a little bit more than just transitory
at this point when they're talking about
rate hikes uh possibly being priced in
the later part of this year to 2027. So
that's one thing to to look ahead to.
There is going to be a press briefing
coming up at the top of the next hour as
well. Subscriber can also turn to your
terminal for more on this. T live go for
is your function for the latest updates
plus commentary and analysis from our
expert editors.
>> Yep. Aside from that also tracking the
stock markets and some of these movers
say well there's really only one story
in town from these memory chip stocks
the surge that you're seeing. It's even
helped the likes of Kyokia which we saw
a little bit of a reversal just a day
ago. So that memory trade that rotation
we saw earlier in the week looks like
it's rotation back. Even some of these
uh Chinese names seem to be benefiting.
So these are the movers you're seeing as
well as the rally broadens out. Take a
look at some of these other names after
Qualcomm, right? Uh that reported deal
sources telling Bloomberg that it's
tying up with Bite Dance. This is going
to be great because its products mostly
go into the smartphone related
businesses. Now, now it can broaden out,
expand into data centers. That's
dragging up the likes of MediaTek.
[music]
Solar stocks in China also doing well
today. A lot of optimism about capacity
shaking out. This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch [music] break
in just a moment and we are seeing uh
there um yeah continue to see this risk
rally continue on for another day here.
You take a look at the likes of SoftBang
which continues to really kind of uh
benefit from all these AI news like
certainly you're seeing the NIK up some
1% here. We're flat though on the
topics. Dollar yen is still on the 159 a
little bit on the weaker side but still
uh when it talks to JGB market actually
pretty steady here today we're at 272
April.
>> Yeah let's take you as well to the
annual UBS Asian Investment Conference
that's underway in Hong Kong. Cross over
to the event where our chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Angle is with our
next guest Steve.
>> That's right. Thank you very much
Averil. And our next guest is someone
who's very familiar to the Bloomberg
audience. Of course, he has his own show
on Bloomberg as well, David Rubenstein,
the Carile Group's co-chairman and
co-founder. Thanks so much.
>> Thank you for having me. My pleasure to
be here.
>> So, I get the opportunity to ask you
questions than you asking the guests.
I'd like to start with the markets right
now. Obviously, the S&P 500 has been
defying what some say logic would say is
logic. uh record high again overnight,
but the bond route has indicated that we
have some turbulence, some swirling tide
pools under that record high. How are
you reading the markets right now? Well,
I think there are animal spirits have
come out in the equity markets and
fueled by two things. One, the
anticipated IPO prices of open AI, of uh
of SpaceX, and of anthropic. I think
people are anticipating that it will
have very high valuations and that will
fuel the market and and have an impact
on other stocks. Secondly, I think
people are thinking the war will
eventually be over and while we don't
know when it'll be over, they think it's
in in sight and therefore I think
that'll fuel the equity markets and it's
fueling it right now. The bond markets I
think have been hurt in part because
people recognize we still have a lot of
debt in the United States, staggering
amount of federal debt and that there's
no real easy way to get around that debt
in the near term. Secondly, I think
people believe that it will be very
difficult for the Federal Reserve under
its new leader whose chairman is very
talented person, very difficult to lower
interest rates in the near term. So,
what's Kevin Walsh? What's he going to
do and how does he build unity among the
other 11 members on the FOMC if he's
going to be in one year get advice from
the White House, cut rates, whereas the
bond market and others stresses that
we're going to get a fresh reading on
inflation coming Thursday. It's it's
climbing towards 4%. And that may
actually indicate a need for a hike.
>> Well, the president said at the swearing
in that he wanted an independent Fed and
I think that was a signal that he
recognizes that lowering interest rates
in the near term is probably not likely.
Uh I think the Fed uh has a a friend in
the White House in the sense that uh
Kevin Worsh is close to the president,
obviously closer than J Pal. And I think
that president is gonna uh make it a
little bit easier for him than they did
for J. Pal in my view. I think Kevin
Walsh is a very smart person. He
recognizes that the numbers if they come
in as high as people expect be very
difficult to lower interest rates. The
Fed the Fed futures market is
anticipating two rate cuts in the not
too distant f rate increases not in the
in the not too distant future. So
probably 25 basis points each time and
that's what the markets are assuming.
>> That might not sit well with Mr. Trump
in the White House. Uh how much is are
you concerned by Fed independence now
that we've gone to Mr.
>> Everybody wants Fed independence. I
think the president said he wanted it.
But I think recognizing uh that the war
situation is unusual and that uh Kevin
Walsh needs a little time to get his
feet on the ground before he can begin
to do what he wants to do which is lower
interest rates. He also wants to shrink
the Fed balance sheet and that will take
some time to do as well. Is he going to
be able to get consensus on that?
Because we're going to have a guest
later, the former Chicago Fed president
for 16 years who says that's not the way
to go.
>> Well, there are some members of the Fed
board now who are saying that they don't
think we should lower it. I think one of
the board members the other day said
they didn't think it could be uh in
decreased right now the the balance
sheet, but we'll see what happens. In
the end, uh I think the war will
determine a lot. When the if the war is
over, it'll make things better. If war
goes on for a long time, I think it's
going to be more difficult to lower
interest rates and to shrink the balance
sheet. you wrote the book, How to
Invest. How do you invest in this
turbulent times when we don't know if
the Fed is going to go left or they're
going to go right and we don't know
necessarily um the inflationary outlook?
What how how do you invest in this? I
know you don't have executive power
necessarily at the Carile Group anymore,
but you know, where would you want to be
looking for opportunities?
>> Well, we have to not try to make outsiz
returns. If you're trying to get 20% 30%
rates of return, you're probably going
to be disappointed. The most important
thing is invest with people that know
what they're doing, have a track record,
charge reasonable fees, give you
transparency, and have a realistic
expectation of the rate of return you
want. And I think a realistic
expectation for a rate of return for
blended is probably somewhere in the
high single digit, low double digits. If
you can get 10% average on overall on
your investments, that's very good. If
you're going into the alternative space,
private equity or private equity
equivalents, you should probably get
something in the mid- teens. But
something in between 10% 15% with a
blended rate of return with a blended
portfolio is very good. Don't try to get
20 and 30 and 40% rates of return
because most people are not going to get
that. They're going to lose money if
they do that.
>> You like Mag 7? Do you like the AI play
as it stands right now? Would I mean, of
course, a lot of the infrastructure
speculation whether data centers and AI
is a good investment right now. What
what's your look your outlook on that?
>> I wish I were an investor at a very low
price in open AI and uh Anthropic
because I think they're going to have
very good IPOs, but whether those
markets and those prices will continue
going up as much as they have, I don't
know. I think there's going to be a lot
of people probably when they can sell
their shares will probably shell sell
the shares be my guess. I don't know if
a lot of people are buying Open AI at
the IPO going to hold on forever, but I
don't really know. But I I think the
prices are fairly full right now. What
is your outlook for AI as its impact on
the economy and on jobs? Everyone's
weighing in on it right now. Balkan of
UBS was saying there are going to be
ramifications on jobs. Uh even though
they of course they want higher
productivity from it. Jamie Diamond was
out saying, you know, similar thing that
he wants to hire more people who are AI
experts than maybe traditional
investment bankers. What's it going to
do to jobs?
>> Whenever a new technology comes along,
people get nervous that it will infect
jobs and adversely so. uh but in the end
when the industrial revolution came and
the internet revolution came when other
things came they did unemploy some
people but they employed even more
people so in the end human ingenuity is
such that I think humans will figure out
how to redeploy their their talents and
I think in the end it'll be good for
society but there may be a difficult
transition period
>> yeah what is the what is your outlook
for private credit obviously Carile's
involved with private credit we know
there were a couple of high-profile uh
cases and first brands last year uh
going forward with the widening spreads
and the higher yields right now with
this bond shock that we're seeing. Um
what is the future of private credit?
>> Well, for people buying private credit
now or investing in it, I think they're
going to do reasonably well because the
rates are higher. Uh the default rates
on private credit are not all that
significant. They're relatively about
what they are in other types of credit
uh markets. If we go into a recession,
then all credit instruments are going to
have some challenge. In other words, we
haven't had a recession United States
for more than 10 years. And so if you go
into recession, there's going to be a
lot of economic challenges. But short of
a recession, I I don't think there's a
big problem in private credit or other
debt instruments at the moment.
>> How does all of the things we've just
talked about factor into the midterms?
>> I think the conventional wisdom is that
a president will lose in the midterms.
Uh on average, they lose about 25 seats.
On the first midterm, and his first
term, President Trump lost 41 seats, I
believe it was. Barack Obama lost 60ome
seats. Bill Clinton lost 50 some seats.
So, presidents tend to lose seats. Very
rarely do you gain seats. I think at the
moment, given the war going on and and
high inflation, I think the president
and his people would be thrilled if they
could just keep it even, but I don't
think they expect to win the House or
have a bigger margin in the House. Uh
there'll probably be some losses uh for
the Republicans in the House, but
probably not as big as people once
thought.
>> Is the war going to be his undoing in
the midterms?
>> The war will be a factor. The war is not
that popular, but I suspect the war will
probably be over by the midterms and
therefore it won't be as big a factor.
Then
>> you and I are baseball fans. You're the
owner of the Baltimore Orioles. So, do
you agree with expansion and do you
agree with the salary cap? I'm tired of
seeing the LA Dodgers win the World
Series every year. Small market teams
like my Mariners need to have a fair
playing field.
>> The Mariners are an excellent team, an
excellent owner, and they're the only
team that's never been in the World
Series. I hope someday they get there,
but not before the Orioles. salary cap.
>> I will let the commissioner deal with
that.
>> Okay, David Rubenstein, thanks so much
for your time. I'm we we rapid fire
question. I appreciate it.
>> All right, my my pleasure.
>> Thanks so much. All right, April, send
it back to you.
>> Great stuff. Thank you, Stephen Angle in
Hong Kong with David Rubenstein, host of
the David Rubenstein show. Peer-to-peer
conversations, of course, very familiar
with Bloomberg television. Now, more
from the UBS Asian Investment Conference
in the next hour. Former Chicago [music]
Fed President Charles Evans joins us to
discuss the inflation and rates outlook.
[music] And we speak with Nobel
economics laurate and MIT Sloan
professor Simon Johnson about AI and its
[music] impact on the economy and jobs.
Take a look at how Samsung shares are
doing today.
>> [music]
>> It's getting the boost, not just from
the enthusiasm around the memory trade,
but after also its largest union voted
in favor of a pay deal that will hand
chip workers an average bonus of about
$340,000.
For more, our soul bureau chief Kat
Barton joins us now. So, Cat, what does
this mean for the risk of a strike? How
much of a headache has been cleared
away?
This is the end of a very big headache
for Samsung. Uh this morning the union
announced that 74% of their members had
voted to approve the deal. And this deal
was hashed out over weeks of really
torturous negotiations. Uh which came
really down to the wire. They only came
up with this deal 90 minutes before the
strike was due to come into effect when
the government had sent the labor
minister to to mediate between Samsung
and this uh the largest union which
represents mostly chip workers. So yes,
as you say uh the workers uh in the
chips division are now looking at an
average payout of uh 340,000
uh US dollars. Uh and Samsung shares are
up about 8% or have gone up around 8%
this morning already. So uh it's uh it's
a very good news for Samsung that the
deal appears now to be uh holding.
>> So Kat, is everyone at Samsung happy
about this deal? We are seeing some
reports that workers in some of the the
non-chip divisions are not too thrilled.
>> Yes, that's exactly right. So workers in
the very very profitable memory division
are are in line for these huge
life-changing bonus payments. But the
workers who are making uh mobile phones,
uh you know, washing machines, other
products, finished products in Samsung's
ecosystem, they're in what's called the
DX division, they are in line for
bonuses that are really 100 times
smaller than some of their colleagues.
uh in Korean one, some of these memory
chip uh workers will be getting 600
million1 and workers in the DX division
could be looking at 6 million one. It's
fueling really intense discontent within
the company. And according to the
experts that we're speaking to here,
this is going to be a huge problem for
Samsung. They need to find a way to move
forward to get everyone on board and and
back on the narrative of one Samsung so
that the company can continue to perform
at this level.
Yeah, there's inequality not just I
guess in the South Korean economy but
within Samsung as well. But overall this
is seen as good for global chip supply,
right? Are there downsides to the deal
though?
The only possible downsides is for the
South Korean economy more broadly. Uh
Bloomberg intelligence has flagged that
this these huge bonus payouts because
it's not just Samsung, right? SK Heinix
has also agreed huge bonus payouts to
its memory chip workers. They're they're
saying that the risk is obviously
inflationary. This could really rekindle
uh pressure on the housing market in
South Korea which is already especially
in Soul really overheated. So if you
have Samsung workers, SKH Highix workers
getting, you know, multi- uh
multi-billion uh one bonuses, it's it's
definitely going to potentially uh go
into equities and go into the housing
market, which could be a huge problem
for the South Korean government down the
line. I think they're already aware of
the the risks. The other impact is
potentially in terms of the spillover.
We could see at other major chable for
example Hyundai which has very active
very strong unions that they could also
workers could also start asking for
payouts of this kind of scale right and
then there's also the risk that it
spilled into other smaller medium
enterprises because if the Samsung
payouts the Samsung and SKH uh AI bonus
deals uh are come to be seen as the the
kind of gold standard by workers in
South Korea it could potentially cause a
ripple effect through the whole uh
economy and the labor forth
>> cat. Thank you. Cat Barton there, our
soul bureau chief with the latest when
it comes to Samsung and I guess what
what's been going on with Samsung Heinix
here is really kind of lifting the whole
EM complex, right? Take a look when it
comes to the MCI EM index. Now that has
now risen to a record high uh thanks to
what we're seeing in memory chips in
this frenzy today. Uh we have plenty
more coming up. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. Here are some of the big
corporate stories that we're following
for you today. Pony AI has raised its
[music] robo taxi fleet target for this
year by 500 vehicles after reporting
stronger than expected first quarter
revenue. Sales grew by [music] 145% to
34 million, although its operating loss
widened to 58 million. The self-driving
[music] tech company has also raised its
2026 revenue growth target, signaling
confidence in China's [music]
robo taxi market. Stock is up some close
to 6% here today. Xiaomi shares though
also have been falling in Hong Kong even
after first quarter [music] profit uh
after fall first quarter profit fell
more than expected. Now that's tied to a
sharp rise in memory [music] costs
weighing on a smartphone business. Net
income tumbled 57% while revenue dropped
for the first time in nearly [music] 3
years. Xiaomi's president says the
company plans to improve its product
lineup and raise average selling [music]
prices to offset weaker volumes. Ferrari
shares tumbled as industry analysts and
social media users alike blasted its
first fully electric vehicle. [music]
The $640,000 luche was shaped by former
Apple designer Joanie [music] IV. Now
critics are comparing its appearance to
mid-market offerings from the likes of
Tesla and Honda. Ferrari will [music] be
hoping the car's performance will
silence the haters with 1,000 horsepower
taking the Luch from 0 to 100 km [music]
an hour in under 3 seconds. All right,
we'll stick to of course the auto theme
here. Volvo has confirmed a Bloomberg
scoop that it's reached a deal with the
Trump administration to avoid a US ban
on vehicles tied to China. Let's bring
in our global business senior reporter
Juan Hash. She joins us now. So, why do
you think this is a big win for Volvo
and Jile?
>> A huge win for both companies. I mean,
as we know, Volvo, of course, is owned
by Jile in China. Um, and there, you
know, on the books, there's this
Department of Commerce ban that
effectively makes it makes it impossible
for Chinese connected vehicle passenger
cars to be sold in the US, and that's
effective for the 2027 model, which
should be kicking in soon. So, of
course, Volvo has spent more than $1.3
billion invested in its South Carolina
plant. it wants to sell cars and there
were big questions as to whether it
would be able to continue Volvo cars,
you know, whether it be it would be
continuing to sell its Volvo cars in the
US. So, this basically gives it a
specific authorization to allow it to
continue to build as well as import. So,
really a big win for Volvo, but also a
big win for Jile.
>> Yeah. What does this mean for other
Chinese car makers? I'm sure they're
looking at this story and thinking maybe
maybe there's a chance that they could
enter into this US market or or is that
too optimistic at this point?
>> That's a big question right now. Right.
Because uh Polestar, which is also owned
by the same billionaire Liu Fu who owns
Jile, uh they're saying that they
haven't heard and they're still
continuing to work with the Department
of Commerce to get also the same
authorization as well. So I think for
other Chinese manufacturers there's
maybe a glimmer of hope, but really uh
at this point it's anyone's guess and
you know negotiations I'm sure are still
being hammered out at this point.
>> Okay. Uh Juan, thank you. Juan Han there
joining us here with the latest when it
comes to Volvo. Uh but certainly yeah
good news for them when it comes to
their expansion in the US. They did say
they can continue their growth plans uh
in the US. So we'll continue to watch of
course uh what that means as well. Um
when it comes to of course Bloomberg
opinion columnist well we'll talk more
about the Fed now. Okay. So obviously
you know what we saw with the RBNZ just
now uh was quite interesting right the
hawkish turn that the central banks have
had to be forced to really uh you know
turn to because of the the rising threat
of inflation and fuel prices and the
like and and the risk of things uh
becoming more entrenched right well
we've been speaking to of course Bill
Dudley and he says the US central bank
risks losing credibility over a
prolonged failure to bring inflation
back to its 2% target. Dudley told us
there's a growing risk that inflation
expectations become unanchored, pointing
to rising long-term and two-year outlook
measures.
I think the problem here is that we've
been above the Fed's inflation target
for five more than five years and there
is a risk that inflation expectations do
finally become unanchored and the
University of Michigan preliminary
result last uh last week showed that the
you know 5 to 10 year inflation
expectations did tick up quite mark
marketkedly. Uh Chris Waller's focused
on the two-year inflation outlook, you
know, two years two years forward. Uh
that's also moved up. So I think the Fed
is is concerned that they're they're
starting to lose credibility because
they haven't been able to get inflation
back down to 2%. How much is this Fed
sort of conditioned by the preandemic
reality of low rates in a way that has
made them overly dovish to meet the
moment and frankly having to reconcile
their overly dovish stance with
fundamentally stickier inflation as a
reality?
>> I agree with that. I mean I think that
if you look at the level of real rates
prior to, you know, 2007, uh the real
rate embodied in the Taylor rule, for
example, it's 2%. Uh the Fed's assuming
today that the level of real rates
adjusted for 2% inflation is 1%. So it's
very possible that you know monetary
policy today is not you know you know
restrictive at all because real rates
are higher and there's a there's a
reason to think that real rates are
higher. Look at the investment spending
boom uh caused by the AI uh that's
raising real interest rates because
increasing the investment demand in the
economy. the fiscal path of the US is
also raising real rates because it's
diminishing the supply of of savings
available for investment. So I think
there are reasons or good reason to
think that real rates are higher than
they have been in the recent past.
>> When you have Christopher Waller saying
that his current policy position is to
hold rates steady for the near-term
because policy risks have changed. Do
you find it interesting that he was able
to look through the potential tariff
impact on inflation but he's not when it
comes to the oil shock?
Well, I think they're really the same in
terms of, you know, both being likely to
be transitory. The real question though
is how does it get bodied in inflation
expectations? And I just think the Fed
is sort of pushing the limits of their
credibility to claim that trust us that
we're going to get inflation back down
to 2% when we haven't been able to do it
for the last 5 years. So, I think he's
getting nervous uh that they can't
sustain this. There's also a big risk
here. I mean, Kevin Worsh is coming in.
The president wants lower interest
rates. So you can see all the elements
in place where the Fed should, you know,
tighten rates sometime later this year
and they don't because of the pressure
from the president. So the questions
about the Fed's independence, how
willing Kevin Worch would be willing to
buck the the the the desires of the
president also weigh into this
situation. So I think that if the Fed's
independence wasn't wasn't under
question, then there'd be more likely
that inflation expectations would stay
well anchored.
And that was the former New York Fed
President Bill Dudley speaking to Lisa
Brahmawitz and Amarie Hordern. Uh just
when it comes to of course markets and
and New Zealand is certainly the front
and f focus here when it comes to of
course those inflation fears. You are
seeing the the Kiwi continue to hold on
to some of the gains that we saw just an
hour before when we talked about that.
You know they they did pause on rates
but you know when it comes to rate hikes
they're they're saying the possibility
of them should be uh faster and sooner.
So certainly that lifted the market when
it comes to uh rate hike expectations
here as well. That's why you're seeing
the two-year yield is up some five basis
points here as well. So reversing sort
of the trend that we saw the last couple
of sessions here. Uh and when it comes
to new Kiwi, it continues to be around
that 5875
handle here this morning. So uh yes,
that that's one thing to see. You the
bank in New Zealand is the one that
thinks the next rate hike could be
coming as early as July. Uh what does it
mean for equity traders and the like?
You know, you're still seeing when it
comes to New Zealand stocks are doing
quite well. The rest of the Asia
conflict is doing quite well. Record
highs when it comes to MSEM
now thanks to of course some of the
heavy lifting that we've seen from Korea
today. Of course, SK highness getting
that $1 trillion market cap. Taiwan is
doing very well here today as well. What
still remains to be a little bit on the
quieter side is still of course China
and the Hong Kong equity market. But
then nevertheless, anything AI [music]
adjacent, right, is doing quite well.
Look at Beijing Deep Zero Tech. We're up
265%
gains here. We do have the company
joining the show tomorrow [music] on the
China show. We're going to leave it
there. See you later.